Not taken
Just don't let him come.
ah
Can't even hold a bottle of wine
What do I need you for?
Sorry, I was wrong.
Li Feier, I call you goddess twice
Do you really think you are a goddess?
snort
You need to know your position.
Goddess of Philippine
I can give you countless money
Satisfy your vanity
But if you don't listen
I can take back everything I gave you.
Just like that red dress
Sorry, Brother Feng
I was wrong, brother.
I won't dare to do that again, Brother Feng
The good mood is gone
That's all for today.
This card has no password.
There seems to be more than 100 million in it.
After paying for the wine
The rest is your tip.
Brother Feng, wait for me